From: Team 2		(#6)
				3/9/16

To: Team Members
	Santiago Agudelo	sagudelo@fau.edu (eng) Interfacing
	Bob Fennell		rfennel1@fau.edu (Eng.) Program Manager
	Charles Florestal	cflorest@fau.edu  (Eng.) Programming
Ivan Kalytovskyy	 ikalytov@fau.edu (Artist)
Leslie Yanes 		Lyanes@fau.edu (Nurse)
Next Call: Even though next week is Spring break, we need to work on this and see how we are doing. How about a conference call on March 9th     at 4pm   ? Santiago to set up again. Thanks
Also can use messaging for quick updates.  Need Ivan Phone Number?
See updated to Do List based on Dr Shankar requirements:
Key Discussion points:
1)	Update slides 
2)	Q5 Fragment software to be done and turned in by 3/9. ( hmmmm)
3)	Send in Plan of action and responsibilities to Dr Shankar.  ( A lot like we were already doing) 
4)	Q&A or test for good sleeping to get personal plan of action
5)	Decide on sensors and approaches
6)	Schedule?

Update:   Our presentation on 3/2 went well.  Thanks to Ivan the slides looked great.  It was a pleasure to meet the team in person.  The other teams did nice presentations also.
There were some good comments from the audience. They even said this app might have commercial possibilities.  Change the name from Doctor to heath care provider.  They liked the idea of a person plan: developed from questions and answers, and data. Leslie is going to look at this.  We need to find ways that people will want to keep using something like this. There are apparently several different reasons for sleep problems.  The SleepFit name was well received.  (Thanks to Charles).  Charles is going to look at the software and should work with Ivan to find out how we get slides easily into android software.  We got the shield from the other sensor group.  Santiago has it and one of our sensors and will try it out.   We should also look at recording and analyzing sleeping sounds, and wearable motion detectors. 
Need to come up with a schedule given that the last day of class is April 25, and for us April 22. Finals are from April 28th to May4th.
Even though next week is Spring break, we need to work on this and see how we are doing. How about a conference call on March 9th.  Santiago to set up again. Thanks
Schedule:	First working displays (Charles?)
		Sensors working    (Santiago?)
First sensor download displayed
Presentation update   March 22.
		Final Prototype working
 	4/22 (guess)	Final Presentation: Team presentation, live demo and demo video
Final Project Report: To Github, slides, Word document (5 pages); link to demo Video and the Github site.					

To Do’s.
Person	To Do	Due Date	Result
Leslie	Set up a Q&A for sleep
Could be a internet call to some other place	3/9	
Santiago
Interfacing	Set up Visional Conf call
Get shield and sensors working recommend one	3/9
3/9	 
Ivan	Work with Charles to figure out how to get slides into Android
Update Slides per review	3/9



ASAP
 (sorry)	   
Bob
Project management	Investigate sensors 
Voice recordings
Research sleep
Update minutes
	3/9
3/9
3/9
3/3  3/9	
Found one will try it
Charles
Programming	Q5 Do fragment for team on our app. Only yours to be poster at Github with subfolder Quiz 5, zip folder, readme file ,screen shot,

Work with Ivan to get slides into Android BEDIT
Look at prelim. Android
Program

How can we call existing SW programs out there to be part of our program? A super program?	
3/9 Midnight






3/9	







